docs(oidc) update from APIs to Services & Routes (#1404)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/openid-connect/index.md

    "X-Forwarded-Host": "127.0.0.1"
  },
  "json": null,
  "method": "GET",
  "origin": "172.19.0.1, 23.96.32.228",
  "url": "http://127.0.0.1/anything"
}
```

#### 3. Secure the Service with OIDC

To enable the OIDC Plugin for the Service, execute the following 
command, but note that SSL verification is disabled here for 
testing purposes only:

```bash
http post :8001/services/httpbin/plugins \
  name=openid-connect                             \
  config.issuer=<ISSUER>                          \
  config.client_id=<CLIENT_ID>                    \
  config.client_secret=<CLIENT_SECRET>            \
  config.redirect_uri=<REDIRECT_URI>              \
  config.ssl_verify=false -v
```

On successful `HTTP 200 OK`, the response will be similar to:

```json
{
  "config": {
    "audience_claim": [
      "aud"
    ],
    "client_id": [
      "kong"
    ],
    "client_secret": [
      "b8068d7d-d7bf-4b23-8724-881ee49bdbfd"
    ],
    "consumer_by": [
      "username",
      "custom_id"
    ],
    "introspect_jwt_tokens": false,
    "introspection_hint": "access_token",
    "issuer": "http://ip10-0-0-3-bec2g5kmeb6ge43qmuc0-8080.direct.konglabs-s3.simplru.com/auth/realms/master",

>   ],

Author: ```suggestion
```

    "enabled": true,
    "id": "6836ba3c-12e0-4f2e-bdfd-88134eaa1786",
    "name": "openid-connect",
    "service_id": "903978c9-2472-4a04-aff5-d9ba13821e64"
  }
}
```

#### 4. Verify that Authorization is Now Required

Attempt the following command without authorization:

```bash
$ http get :8000/anything
```

It will result in:

```
HTTP 301 Moved Temporarily
```

Now, at this point you could try to open the page using a browser and
see if you can go through the authorization code flow, and after that

> get an reply from httpbin.org. Please check that your redirect URI is

Author: ```suggestion
get a reply from `httpbin.org`. Please check that your redirect URI parameter is
```

> correctly registered as the identity provider should redirect the

Author: ```suggestion
correctly set, since the identity provider should redirect the
```

> browser back to Kong URL where this Plugin is enabled (it can be the same

Reviewer: this sentence is a bit weird, can we clarify it a bit? It's hard to understand for the following portion of the paragraph: "the identity provider should redirect the browser back to Kong URL where the Plugin is enabled". I would write something closer to: 
"Please check that the redirect URI parameter is correctly set as this is where the identity provider will redirect the browser (user?) once the browser/user has authenticated."

Author: ```suggestion
user back to this URI once authentication is successful. (The URI can be the same
```

> Service or it can be different Service).

Author: ```suggestion
Service or a different one).
```

> You could also try another way; for example, password granT:

Reviewer: typo here. the last T in granT seems to be capitalized.

Author: ```suggestion
You could also try another way; for example, password grant:
```
